docs: explain argocd-helm OCI credential matching (#1070)
NVIDIA/aicr: docs/user/cli-reference.md

> 1. **Chart name doubled in `--set repoURL`.** Under the current contract, `--set repoURL` carries the **parent namespace only** (e.g., `oci://ghcr.io/myorg`). The parent Application appends `.Chart.Name` via its `source.chart` field, and path-based children append it directly into their rendered `source.repoURL`. Passing `--set repoURL=oci://ghcr.io/myorg/aicr-bundle` produces a double-suffixed reference (`.../aicr-bundle/aicr-bundle:<tag>`) that does not exist. Drop the trailing chart segment.

Reviewer: Minor / non-blocking — pre-existing wording, not introduced by this PR, but adjacent to your change and worth fixing while we are here. For the OCI case (the whole subject of this section), the parent does **not** use a `source.chart` field — the template appends `.Chart.Name` into `source.repoURL` with `path: "."` (see `aicr-stack.yaml`, the `hasPrefix "oci://"` branch). `source.chart` is only used on the non-OCI Helm-repo branch. Suggested rewording:

```suggestion
1. **Chart name doubled in `--set repoURL`.** Under the current contract, `--set repoURL` carries the **parent namespace only** (e.g., `oci://ghcr.io/myorg`). The parent Application appends `.Chart.Name` into its OCI `source.repoURL`, and path-based children append it directly into their rendered `source.repoURL`. For non-OCI Helm repositories, the parent uses `source.chart` instead. Passing `--set repoURL=oci://ghcr.io/myorg/aicr-bundle` produces a double-suffixed reference (`.../aicr-bundle/aicr-bundle:<tag>`) that does not exist. Drop the trailing chart segment.
```

The same `via its `source.chart`` wording also appears in the install example comment block (line 1593) — that line is outside this diff so I cannot attach a suggestion to it, but it should get the same correction.

2. **Argo CD older than v2.13.** Path-based children rely on Argo CD's generic OCI artifact source type, added in v2.13. Older Argo treats the source as Git and fails to resolve. Check with `kubectl -n argocd get deploy argocd-repo-server -o jsonpath='{.spec.template.spec.containers[0].image}'`. Upgrade Argo, or use `--deployer helm` if Argo upgrade is not an option.
3. **Tag missing from the registry.** Verify the published artifact exists at the exact tag the parent expects: `oras manifest fetch <registry>/<path>/<chart>:<tag>`. If `aicr bundle` is invoked without a tag (`oci://<registry>/<path>/<chart>` with no `:<tag>` suffix), the CLI version is used as the default — make sure `--set targetRevision=<chart-version>` at install time matches.

> 4. **Private registry credentials keyed to a different source URL.** Problem: Argo CD matches repository credentials against the source URL it dereferences.

Reviewer: Minor / non-blocking. Adding this fourth item makes the section intro stale — line 2484 still reads "Three common causes, in order of likelihood:". Consider bumping it to "Four common causes" or just "Common causes:".

(Editorial nuance: a private-registry 401 is a different error signature than the "...not found" target-state in the heading, so it sits a little loosely under "in order of likelihood" — dropping the count resolves both at once.)
